9/27/2017
9:30-10:50

Dustin Boyd
Halie Carton
Donovan Miller
Nate Spence

Topics discussed today:

	* setup of github organization
	* touching base on project developments
		(mysql -- status: down)
	* python script for automation of HTML
		* reviewed halie's code, discussed modifications
		  for compatibility with project organization 
	* status of current front-end
	* added initial pair of user stories to pbl
	* added coding standards

Next meeting: thursday, 9/28/2017, 7:30pm


